Best holding ever

Author: meltter

*000*2025-11-07 14:54

This will be my first time telling a story, and I hope I can do it right. Here we go:

A few years ago, when I was 20 and a college student, I discovered my interest in OMO. But I couldn't freely pursue it because I was shy and lived with my parents. But I liked holding my pee, and I did it from time to time. Sometimes at home, sometimes on the way home from school, sometimes at an event, etc. Since I do holding challenges like this from time to time, if I was going to hold that day, I was using a pad for just in case.

One day, I wanted to hold it on the way home from college. The drive home from college was about an hour long—a 45-minute bus ride and a 15-minute walk—and my bladder was about 4/10 full when I left the college. I took the bus, and everything was fine. I was wearing a sweater and a skirt that was just above the knee, not too short, and black tights. And of course, a pad. The first 15-20 minutes of the bus ride were uneventful. I felt like I needed to pee, but it wasn't alarming. I figured I could hold it in for another half hour.

But from that point on, things started to get worse. As I would later learn, there had been an accident up the road, and the road was practically closed. The bus stopped and barely moved, just making small stops and starts. Perhaps another 30 minutes passed like this, and my bladder began to fill, because of the water I drank at school. I had only gone halfway through the entire time, and I had no idea how long this crazy traffic jam would last. I was sitting on the bus and realized I was starting to squeeze my legs together because my bladder was quickly filling up to 6 or even 7/10.

I started to panic at that moment. I remember that my face and cheekbones were flushed. The bus wasn't very crowded, but there were still a lot of people. I started thinking, "What could I do?" I needed to relief myself down before my bladder got too full and I was at 9/10. Because if I got too bad, the leaks would be much worse. I might not be able to hold it in at all and I might end up peeing my pants completely. I think about the pad I was wearing just for these days and decided: I would have small, controlled leaks. Since my pad was a maxi pad, it would both hold in the pee and give me some relief.

It wasn't easy. I was clenching my legs, turning bright red with embarrassment and excitement. After fighting the feeling for a while, I let out my first leak. It was longer than I expected; I peed for about a second or two before stopping. I can't tell you how my heart pounded at that moment. It felt like it was going to explode. I quickly checked myself and didn't feel any wetness between my legs. I waited a few minutes—which wasn't easy at all—because once I'd leaked, my body wanted more. And I did. Another little leak. And then another. I was leaking little leaks every minute or two. And I swear I was actually bright red. I was dying of excitement, but my bladder was still very full. My leaks were small, and I had to pee a lot.

I think about half an hour must have passed while I was leaking. Finally, the road was cleared and the bus started moving. When I checked myself, there was still no wetness, but I could feel my pad was full and swollen, and it couldn't hold any more pee. After continuing on the bus for a short while longer without leaking, I arrived at my stop and got off. 

The moment I got off, I realized the hardest part was about to begin. My bladder was about 8/10 full, and I had to walk for 15 minutes! I started walking, and after the first five minutes it became torture. Because I wanted to squeeze my legs, I wanted to hold and push between my legs. Hundreds of thoughts were running through my mind. Yes, I love holding it, but I'd never wet myself outside before. And this was the closest I'd ever come to it. After a little more effort for walk, with my legs shaking, I realized I wouldn't make it home.

I started trying to figure out how to get through this with the least amount of damage. My heart was beating like crazy again. It was starting to get dark, and thankfully, I wasn't on a very crowded street. At that moment, I decided, yes, I'm going to pee my pants. I walked to the bench a short distance away. I sat on the bench, slightly gathering my skirt around my hips. I brought my legs together and squeezed them. My heart was racing, my phone in my hand, and I kept looking left and right to see if anyone was watching me. I was now a 9/10 and I couldn't hold it anymore. My first intention was to pee a little and hold it. I wanted to pee little by little, not enough to drip onto the floor.

But that didn't happen. I sat there with my legs crossed and suddenly started peeing. The pee was filling my pad, and for a short while, I heard the peeing sound. It was a "shhh" sound, and it was turning me on so much. And I was so excited at that moment, phone in one hand, eyes fixed on the surroundings, and I was peeing right there. As I continued peeing, the pad couldn't hold it in any longer, and warm pee spread to both my butt and between my legs at the same time.

That was the moment when I truly lost control. I completely let go and started peeing all. I think it took over half a minute, I just sat down on a bench and completely peed myself. I didn't get up for a while; I remained sitting. When I got up later, I saw that my skirt wasn't wet, but the back of my pantyhose and my legs were all wet. Luckily, they were black, and it was dark. I walked home like that, and as soon as I got home, I peed again at the door. I guess I had to pee a little more along with that wetness, so I did it standing up.

And then I got in the shower and had one of the most unforgettable masturbations of my life.

