The worst time for a fender bender…

Author: mel 1000

*000*2025-11-21 10:22

So this is the only public experience ive really had thus far… its really funny looking back but at the time i was so nervous and flustered.. i couldnt believe what was happening lol

A couple of years ago, i was driving home from my job. I had to pee moderately, like 6/10, and was feeling naughty.. so i decided to leak a little bit. Just let little bits out.. which for me is sooo unusual.. but i was wearing black sweatpants that barely showed wetness i was feeling daring i guess lol. It felt good and it didnt take long for me to pretty thoroughly wet myself, little by little. I arrived in my neighborhood and was following behind a truck, we were going like 10mph probably. Snails pace. 

I guess i zoned out or something and didnt realize how close i had got to him and i lightly bumped into his truck. Well, specifically the big ass trailer hitch on the back. Immediately im like… oh fuck… of course now of all times (im really a pretty good driver and this is literally the only time something like this has happened) And im hoping it wasnt hard enough for him to care. but to my demise, he gets out of the truck… along with his friend… so now im outnumbered.. wet pants.. and they look upset.

So i get out of the car and put my formal gentleman face on. Luckily i did absolutely no damage to their truck, but their trailer hitch nearly put a hole in my front bumper XD but during this whole dispute im trying to make sure my sweater stays over my crotch.. frantic and stuttering.. i can tell that they can sense something is up with me but i dont think they know what it is. Once they realized no damage to their truck was done, the vibes shifted, and they asked if i needed their insurance info and shit.

And honestly, wet pants or not, i was perfectly okay with just leaving this interaction asap. So i told them it was all good and id just like to get on my way. The only damage done was aesthetic which i really dont care about for the most part. They gave me a business card for their landscaping business and said they would give me a good price for being so kind LOL.. i was hoping i would never see them again by chance, let alone on purpose. Later on my dad asked me how the hole in the bumper got there.. and i told him what happened.. leaving out certain details, of course hehe.

This is the only story i have about a public experience. I feel like its a pretty unique one so i hope some of you enjoyed reading. I have some other stories to tell and ill get around to it soon. It feels good to write about these things here

