The only time i actually couldnt hold it anymore

Author: mel 1000

*000*2025-11-27 02:44

First of all i want to clarify that if my writing is like scatterbrained or otherwise difficult to read i apologize. Im new to expressing my omo interest outwardly let alone writing about the stuff. Anyways…

A common thing i read about in the omo community is that desire to have a “true accident” meaning like You physically cannot hold it anymore, but cant ever really reach that brink. I personally always just end up getting impatient, giving up and intentionally wetting at a certain point. However… earlier this year… heres what happened:

So ive been living with friends for the past few years (6 guys in a 3 bedroom apartment) so i havent had the privacy i prefer when doing my thing. Im close with all these guys but i tend to keep my fetish to myself and people im romantically involved with. We are all on the shyer side and dont really converse about lewd stuff anyway. My partner of one year (we actually just broke up the other day) indulged me sometimes but wasnt really into it at all, nor was i comfortable practicing it myself in her presence. I prefer the enjoyment to be mutual, so we never really did anything omo related. ANYWAY point is i havent really had many opportunities to do omo related shenanigans for a while. Until…

I was visiting home for a bit over the summer, staying with some family, with all the privacy i would ever need. So of course i was planning to seize this opportunity. But it didnt happen as i planned. Usually i just drink a bunch of water and wait around for it all to go through me. But this time i was out on a drive, like an hour away from home. I had been drinking an energy drink (unusual of me) and some water. My desperation grew slowly and gradually as I adventured through my hometown for a while. By the time i was 20-30mins from home, my need was pretty significant, approaching 7/10 territory, so i decided to just roll with it. I arrived home and began to wind down, got sort of undressed, so i was just in briefs and a T-shirt now. as i settled in, i became notably more desperate. Probably the age old phenomenon of the brain knowing the toilet was right there. 

But i just hung out and held myself in various ways, trying to be subtle for some reason (was nervous and embarrassed i guess lol it had been a while) and at some point it got bad enough to warrant going to the bathtub, juuuust in case. This was around the time Deltarune chapters 3 and 4 released i just remembered! I think at this point i had been watching some gameplay. I was desperate in a way that usually only happens when im out in public, not trying to do a hold or anything, and it was exciting… but sooo distracting and i had to keep rewinding the video to read the dialogue i had missed lmao. At a certain point my need for visual/audio stimulation had been outweighed by my need to pee… so i was just in the tub dancing, honestly surprised that i was still hanging on with every minute that went by. I knew at this point that if i ever was going to have a true, semi-planned accident, it would be now.

So i committed to not using the toilet and just seeing how far i could go. Not much time went by and i started uncontrollably leaking… Little by little… a surreal feeling, honestly. Against all efforts, my body was letting go. It was like my entire bladder capacity was right behind that final door and all it would take was one muscle movement for the unstoppable stream to start. In my immense discomfort, I of course was also elated to be at this point. But before I could bask in it, i was bent over, shaking, genuinely doing everything i could think to do to keep from wetting. At a certain point, no matter what i did, i couldnt stop leaking.

The force was truly stronger than my muscles could handle. I had both hands over my crotch and wouldn't dare move them at this point… but i was curious as the damage that had been done so far. So i took the risk of relying on my muscles to do all the work, Removed my hands… and uh.. i didnt really get to see what damage had been done up until that point because.. well.. more damage. Much, much more damage. Almost immediately.

I could only stop the stream for less than a second at a time, and believe me, i was trying constantly. It was rushing out and hitting the tub with a decibel level that was high enough for me to worry if anybody could hear… even though nobody was even in the house at this time XD. I didnt want to give up.. The feeling of being right at the brink leaking like that was far beyond any sort of pleasure ive experienced in this field, and i was trying to stay there as long as i could. But alas, all great things must come to an end at some point. And it was very, very ended. I was saturated no doubt. But i didnt stop fighting until the very end! and it was quite the battle, not to mention the hours of desperation beforehand, of course. Once i was empty i just stood there, half defeated, half astounded… turned on the shower and forgot its cold as FUCK before it gets hot, of course, and it shocked me out of my blissful state.

And that was it… I was so excited by this experience i tried again the next day or two after, but it didnt go as well. It was then when it occurred to me that the trick is to just drink fluids normally, and let the need build up over time, as opposed to drinking large amounts of liquid in a short span. That energy drink definitely had something to do with it as well. Notes taken…

In a few weeks, i am moving out and will have a degree of privacy that is conducive to more of these experiences, and im excited to indulge in more omo stuff. As stated in my introduction post, its something im growing to be more open about, so ill probably be writing and interacting more as time goes on. Anyways, I hope u enjoyed and can relate to this little story 😄 thanx 4 readin

Edit: im trying to get rid of that emoji.. maybe its just an iphone thing but if someone could direct me to the setting that Turns character emoticons into emojis so i can turn it off… if it even exists.. thankya

