Post Thanksgiving treat

Author: MeOrThePee

*000*2025-11-29 00:58

Alright guys buckle up (pun intended) for a story of how a fun treat for myself turned into a hellish scenario

So, I have about a 2.5 hr drive home after spending Thanksgiving. About 30 min in, I start feeling that urge and thought, I’m heading to my place, may as well do a hold and wet myself when I get home.

With that in mind, I stop at a store to get gas and drinks to make it more fun. I ended up with a liter of tea, half a liter of coffee, .75 liters of soda, and water I never even made it to.

And thus the 2hr drive begins.

I down the coffee in under 10 min and start on the tea. After about 30 min, my desperation is starting to climb, around a 6/10. I keep drinking and driving, feeling each sip in my bladder and growing increasingly desperate and horny. Around the 1hr left, I am at a 8/10, have finished the liter and am about halfway through the soda, so around 2 liters of liquid in my bladder at this point not even counting the soda I drank at dinner. I was struggling to sit still, but was so horny so I figured I could touch myself as a distraction.

That worked!………. For about 30 min. Now I’m driving while at a 9.5/10, passing bathrooms in an effort to get home, thinking to myself “I can hold it” over and over. About 15 min away, I hit that 10/10 mark and still think I can make it, despite my bladder being rock solid and me being in pain from holding. It still felt so good! At this point, I get a towel under me ‘just in case’ but still think I can make it. I mean I haven’t even leaked yet!

With around 10 min to go, I made a fatal mistake. After stopping at a traffic light and fighting everything to keep holding, I thought, I can just let out a little bit and that will help. But once I started, I couldn’t stop. I pissed for a solid minute on the towel, minutes away from my house. I finally got myself under control, pulled into my parking lot, and ran up the stairs to my bathroom and pissed for another minute through my leggings and underwear.

Let this be a lesson: don’t ever trust yourself to go “just a little bit”.

