A high pressure and powerfull relieve

Author: myquabyrand

*000*2026-01-02 22:38

Hello everyone,

I want to share a small but really powerfull hold I did yesterday. (Following a milovana challenge)

It all began with a rapid desperation techniques. I have already done it in the past, I know that I will be surprised after some hours, but I never knew how surprised I would be.

At first, I drink a glass of water every 30 minutes. And go peeing in the toilet every 15 minutes. Peeing in the toilet? Yes but, just at the very begin, right before my first drink, in another words, just before I start everything.

It all started slowly, and really easy. I'm forced to pee every 15 minutes. After the first 15 minutes, I had to pee in the sink. As my sink is quite high it was a bit complicated but fun to do. Unfortunately the complexity of doing it wasn't so rewarding as I basically don't have anything to pee. Fifteen minutes after, I had to pee on my hands in the shower. I was happy to do it, to feel the warm stream flowing into my hands. But that happiness was really short, indeed unfortunately again, there were not a lot of pee.

I think even not enough to pee 5 seconds in a row. That is really little! Well, I think, it's still the beginning. Oh and I almost forgot, it's now time to take a drink! Next time I have to pee in a glass. I like to do so, I see the color that is quite clear signifying that the 15 minutes pee interval is starting to work: that's great! I had to keep the glass aside to compare it with the glass I would fil the last time I would pee. Right now, I feel really confident. In the glass, there is not much pee. I would say like there is just 10ml maybe less.

I won't go over each pee of the rapid techniques. Just the one after the glass. I had to pee in the bathroom but somewhere I have not already peed, that means not in the toilets, not in the sink, not in the shower and not in a glass. As I did not wanted to wet the floor and clean afterward, I chose a bowl. I made a good choice as the stream was quite long and as I was able to see the bowl slowly filling up. It was way longer than the last time. From now on, I know my body started to do its things. I don't remember how many times I had to pee, and how long the rapid desperation techniques took. Actually I liked that I was in a challenge not knowing the times and how many times past. After some times I had to increase the rate intake. From every 30 minutes to every 15 minutes.

Now it's time for the last relieve, I was needing it 😟: my kidneys were slowly starting ask to pee more frequently. I pee in a glass. OMG, that was so long! I even started to think my glass would be too small for the stream! Finally one glass was enough, but I peed almost to the brim 🥛! I almost done a 250ml pee on a single stream! That is way way way more than the first glass. Compared to the new one, the first glass looks like there is nothing inside!

Everything I have done from now on was for this moment : THE HOLDING! I had to continue the 15minutes interval intakes, but now, no relieving, just holding. Just holding what my kidneys produced, just holding what my kidneys is producing, and just holding what my kidneys will produce. It's a fight between my kidneys and my willpower. Things turned out my willpower was better than I thought.

I started the hold not really confident 😬 as I was happy to relieve myself the last time I peed. I know that under the 15 first minutes, I would feel the need to pee. The need to pee? I was wrong, it rapidly turned out it was a urge to pee 😭. A urge to pee even under 15 minutes of holding! I would never hold for long I think. At the beginning of the hold, I set a 45 minutes goal. But now, let's see if I'm able to keep it for 30 minutes. After around 20 minutes, I found myself walk over and over around my living room. I need to move, I already feel that if I stay still, I won't be able to hold.. So let's walk and walk over and over. I even noticed that instinctively started to chew my fingers. It helped me to do another thing to keep it inside. From now on I don't know if I will even stand the 30 minutes holding! What a shame! Preparing a hold for many hours, for less than 30 minutes holding it? Well, that is sad, but if it's the way it should be.. So be it.

Did I did it? Yes! What a relief! .. Actually no relief! That's not authorized 😭! And you don't know how close I was! Did I say that I was constantly walking to not be still? Do you know what happen when you have to fill the glass of water and drink it? Exactly you're still! I forced a lot for my pelvic muscles to hold it during these few seconds. That was .. wow .. so .. wow .. so .. hard .. but I managed it. So now get back to another fifteen minutes of walk. Do you know what is pee dance? I don't, but what I do know is a pee walk that going faster and faster while forcing my pelvic muscles to keep everything inside! I saw that as I force my pelvic muscles I'm not standing straight, I'm, I would say, hunched around my bladder. Each muscle around my bladder was pulled to keep everything inside!

You know what? I managed the 45 minutes! Now let's see how many more I can do. If I can do 45 minutes, it should be possible to hold 1 hour. That would be a great goal. I can continue to walk over and over in this strange position, continue to chew.. no.. to bite my fingers and continue to forced my muscle. Yes indeed, that would be great. Sadly, I have not that possibility. I was ordered to wait in front of the toilet door.

I previously said I don't know pee dance but only pee walk. That could be a chance to learn a pee dance then, now that I have to hold everything at the same spot.

... ...

It is no more a matter of minutes but just a matter of seconds. I can't stand still right here. That's not possible for me! I don't know what to do!

Ho! There is a door handle let's squeeze it! There is a wall, let's scratch it! I have my fingers, let's bite them harder! I have my muscles, let's hunched myself even more! Wow it looks like it works. And ... ...

WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW! What was that 😮?! And .. WOOOOOW! Again 😮? Yep, again.

What happened? I finally not learned any pee dance. As I was forcing on all of my muscles as possible to hold, when I lightly release the tension of my muscles to recover a bit, I was not able to hold anything. And all tension on my muscles were used to push everything in my body out! The pressure was so high that I would reach at least 2 meters if I weren't wearing a anything. I have no words to describe how I felt when I released. All my muscles pushed everything out! (I also felt that I was close to shit myself as well.)

My whole jean and underwear is now totally wet. It's like I putting them directly into the water. Absolutely wet.

I will now go into the shower to continue to pee my pants. I think I stand peeing in the shower for 45 minutes maybe an hour?

You know what? As I undressed to take my shower and clean everything, I saw a sticky white thing in my underwear. Yeah, indeed, it appears that I really liked doing it. When? I don't know. I'll never know.

That hold was really.. unique! That is the correct word. But it's not fully over. Well, the holding is over indeed. But even after, I still need to pee many times after everything.

But the thing I really want to point out and the thing I really enjoy is the after hold. During hours and hours, and even worse, when at bed, I still felt like I want to pee. Or is it? Maybe it is more like, i feel my muscles so tired that I wouldn't hold any pee anymore. That might means that if I need to pee, I will directly wet myself without any warning and any control. That feeling was as well.. awesome! Could it be possible to wet my bed during the night ? Let's see that. Who knows.

I really enjoyed this tease, this holding was unique. I hope you enjoyed reading my story, felt how I felt. If you have anything to say, any feedback, some tips or anything. Be free to do so. 😉

I really like how each holding I do is different in terms of feelings, in terms of outcomes. Every challenges, even if it is basically the same thing: me and my holding endurance, can make feel things really different every time! ❤️😘

