Military Experiences

Author: Mr. peepants

*000*2026-02-13 20:30

I’m bored, so I figured I’d post memorable times in the military I have wet myself by accident. It’s fun to think about and someone’ll like it, hopefully lol

Boot Camp:

Although I was afraid I’d be wetting myself left and right based off of what horror stories I read online, I had been told, and the fact that I had issues wetting off and on growing up, I really didn’t have any issues until swim qualification personally. I did see a few guys outright piss themselves which when you see in person, is interesting and hot to watch (to me), but I couldn’t help to feel bad because it probably hurts to a degree until they wet, and the risk of catching ire from the DI’s (drill instructors) for pissing yourself was always there, not to mention guys trying to be weird about it. But I digress!

- During Swim Qual: I was an iron duck and had to go back a second day. (You get a week to qualify, most don’t need it, but it’s there so folks can learn if needed. I couldn’t swim well at the time, but was practicing before leaving for boot camp, so I was “okay”.) The first day, I really didn’t have to go because we had just had chow (lunch) and I went before. There were so many people in the pool with me that I couldn’t focus and wound up failing (and trying to swim in boots and cammies after barely learning in shorts is a task and a half.)

The next day, those of us that failed to qualify the first day got up, ate breakfast at the chow hall, and went straight to the pool. (We usually got straight up and went to breakfast anyway, then used the head [bathroom] after we got back. There would be a stream of guys that would use the head at the chow hall if they had to go bad enough, or go before we had to get up and eat.)

This particular morning, I had to go. Bad. Really bad. Bad enough to where I’d do a risky lil leg shuffle every now and then and try not to get noticed or yelled at by the DI’s. Sometimes it works, sometimes a few drops leak out anyway, it happens. I thought I’d make it until we got back from breakfast. But, we went straight to the pool, no bathroom break. We marched to the pool, put on the boots and a wet pair of cammies on from the day before, and did the first test. Swimming across the pool. It was kind of hard with boots on, while having to pee really badly, but I made it, without leaking even (as far as I felt, but who knows) There not being 100 people in the pool with me massively helped, as well. However, I really had to pee. Now. RIGHT NOW. Grabbing my penis-right now. But there was a high dive we had to do next. Yes. THAT kind of high dive.

We walked over to the ladder and plank. I’m standing in line, waiting for my turn to go. There are four people in front of me, and one person is behind me. I’m trying to hold it as much as I can because I was afraid someone would say something, but as I’m staring straight ahead while clenching as hard as possible, kind of grabbing my penis through my pocket, but trying not to be too obvious, hoping and praying I can at least make it to the pool;

I felt a hot unstoppable torrent in my pants. I look down, and I am full on peeing my pants with a little bit of unmistakeable yellow l coming out of the front of the pants themselves. I always thought that would happen if you’re only wearing underwear or freeballing, I’ve only ever seen it in videos. But I learned that day if you have to pee bad enough, it will stream though.

No matter how badly I tried stopping it, the muscle to stop it would not work. It just kept going, and going, and going. I again looked down, mortified, but honestly relieved. And, despite other groups of guys jumping in and doing their stuff to qualify, the hiss was loud and unmistakable, especially echoing off of the bagginess of the wet cammies I was wearing. 

After a while, the stream was less intense and I had gotten smaller because I was still in overall cold pants, it was like hitting a loud wall in your pants. I was briefly worried that the person in front of me would hear and see my situation, and freak out. They did eventually turn around and look down, but they never said a word. In that moment, I genuinely did not care who saw or heard me piss myself, as it was the greatest feeling I had felt in weeks since arriving in boot camp, funnily enough. The guy behind me even said “damn” as the pool around my boots was honestly it’s own thing. It was beyond the normal “wet clothes puddle”, it was that AND THEN a ridiculous amount of pee (that I honestly was proud of).

I could still kind of move during all of this, my body was just at this point REQUIRING me to pee with every motion I took. Every step I took was just my penis picking a leg to pee down, it felt awesome. I tried to turn around (while peeing) and tell the guy behind me sorry, but he said “you’re good man, they didn’t give us time today.” By the time I had almost finished, it was my turn to climb the ladder. I climbed (and those boots were now HEAVY!) and walked the board, listened the to the guy’s instructions of how to jump and where to swim to, finished and squeezed hard while he was talking, crossed my arms, and jumped. 

The rest of the tests were sooooo much easier from there, as I could concentrate so much better and I was not worried about peeing myself, the puddle, or failing. I will say, however, for the rest of the day, it was so much harder to hold my piss in, if not borderline impossible. I did leak a few times because the muscle was tired, it seemed, but it returned to normal the next day, thankfully.

MCT:

After boot camp you do field training to make sure you know what to do if you’re deployed, and it’s very in-depth, but very strenuous. Very, very tiring. And with being tired (at least for me, I don’t know about other guys but I hope I’m not alone, pls let me know) it becomes much harder to hold my pee if I have to go, also leading to leaks (and as I’ve gotten older, wettings, but that ain’t this right now.)

I had to pee pretty badly, but thought I could make it and even told myself in my head “I can make it, it won’t take that long” (If I say those words, I will one thousand percent piss myself in some form, it’s a curse.)

During a live fire range training, we had all lined up ready to go, but I was in the back and knew I’d be one of the last to go. I had all my gear on, and didn’t wanna trek way across the street to use the porta john, as it was very far away. I’d also have to get a battle buddy, lose my place in line, he’d have to undo his stuff, it was a whole thing. I also thought I could make it for it wasn’t taking THAT long for folks to hit some targets. It looked like it was going to rain, but we stayed out as we had been rained on before, and wanted to finish. However, by the time it was my turn, what had began as a little sprinkle, had turned into a torrential downpour. And I mean, training in the rain ain’t bad because it’s practice, but it’s still very annoying. And when I say downpouring, I mean it was a ridiculous amount of rain.

Also, I still had to pee, my flak jacket is tight against me, and I’m having to do a little shuffle or risk leaking. By the time it’s my turn, an instructor noticed I was doing a little bit of a shuffle and grabbing myself, and offered to let me go in his lane so I could leave faster. I was glad because normally when I lay down, I don’t have to pee even if I have to go very badly (thankfully, as mattresses and maintaining them against pee is expensive). I laid down on my stomach with my penis facing upwards, both hands on my weapon, and the instructor is kneeling next to me having to yell out what I’m supposed to be looking for, what to hit, etc. I’m trying to concentrate between the rain, the guy having to yell, and my need to piss increasing and more. He walks away and I begin shooting downrange.

About a minute in, like before and without warning, I feel a FAST warm jet suddenly begin to poooooool under me and it felt amaaaaaazing under the cold coastal rain that was pelting me. Again, no matter how badly I tried, I could not stop peeing. Not that I wouldn’t have wanted to, but trying to stem the flow felt like my body saying “no”. I had to stop what I was doing to pee because it was so blissful that I could not concentrate on hitting anything except for some piss in my pants. I had been pretty much soaked by the rain, so the liquid wasn’t anything I wasn’t used to.

I smelled the piss, and now of piss, as I had pretty much consumed Gatorade and water the whole time. The rain, wind, and ground helped it lessen, but I had to switch cammies when I got back. The instructor noticed that I had briefly stopped and came over to check to see if something was wrong, and after kneeling down, asked if there was a problem. I told him not anymore, just that I really had to go. He kind of smiled and yelled out that it happens to the best of us, commented on something I could improve on, said good job and walked away. I’m really thankful he was understanding about it. (They’re not as mean as drill instructors but ya know) I’d like to think he may have done that on purpose because he saw me grabbing myself, but eh. Either way, it also helped me be a little less shameful around peeing my pants.

After that, any time it rained like that, or if I was super sweaty during a hike during training (which it did and I was, time after time after time after time) I pissed my cammies. It was the best thing ever. I was already wet so why not? I tried not to do it openly as I didn’t want any attention, but if it was raining cats and dogs, my pants were soaked. I mostly did it during breaks during hikes. It was dark out so no one really noticed, but most of the guys that did would give me a slight look and keep it moving, thankfully. One chuckled, one guy fist bumped me when he found out. One said hell yeah. The combat instructors never found out and if they did, never said anything. It genuinely rained that much. This carried over into my post-military life, but that can be another thread of y’all want me to make that.

