Unexpected wetting with a friend :3

Author: MiaFlowerAD

*000*2026-02-14 07:34

Hey sorry I'm a bit new here but I wanted to share a story from a few months ago with a friend (both trans) >~<

So before the story, I was wearing a black dress with tights and boots, and my friend was wearing an outfit that was kind of like a schoolgirl outfit, it was a plaid brown skirt with just panties underneath.

We were driving together down a highway back from a movie we watched together, we both decided to skip the bathroom because there was a long line after the movie finished, so we decided just to head to the car. My friend stopped to get some coffee and a small lemonade at the 24/7 starbucks across the street while I waited in the car.

I was maybe only at a 4/10, and I was confident I could make it easily, however my friend was squirming the second she was in the car so I assume that she was worse off. Despite this she decided she still wanted to drink her lemonade. We were driving the last 30 minutes to my house to stay the night, and the last part is on average extremely rural road, there are only fields next it but it isnt so quiet that you can hop out and pee on the side of the road, a car would pass us on the other side every 30 seconds or so.

Well by this point, my friend was clearly desperate, While I was only like an 8/10, her hand was under her skirt and she was basically dancing in her seat. I asked her if shes okay and she replied "I'm not sure I'm going to make it, should I go in a cup?". I told her to see and I gave her the towel and told her its okay if she has an accident and said she could borrow my clothes for the night. While holding the cup again she asked "What should I do".

I told her that I also really had to go and if she had an accident I would let go as well so she wasn't as embarrassed. I think she took this as my awnser to whether she should pee in the cup or not becauseeee

I hear a hissing noise and I see her sitting with her legs spread out a bit, her skirt lifted up just enough to her see her light blue panties turn a bit darker. She peed for a good minute and I was able to hear it the whole time, I still needed to focus on the road so I couldn't focus on it that much. She looks at me, smirking and laughing a bit and says, "I thought it was your turn?". I tell her I don't want to wet without a towel and I dont know how easy it would be for me to go in a situation like this, and she tells me to stop finding excuses and to pull over.

She tells me to stand up a bit which I did, and she slid the wet towel under my butt. I sat down and I could feel the warmth of her pee around my butt and getting clothes wet.

I was a bit anxious and told her so, and she joked to not make her have to tickle me. So I sat there and eventually a leak came out, and I almost fully let go but my friend lifted my dress up and it caught me off guard and my stream fell to a trickle. She laughed, just said she wanted a better view, and after a few more seconds I let go fully.

I felt the warmth of my pee combining with hers on the towel and I felt some of my pee run off the seat and into my boots, my black tights and panties got extremely soaked. I could hear the hissing and eventually the pee falling off the seat on to the plastic matt on the floor.

I finished while my friend was looking at me, she was laughing the whole time after I let loose (not in a bullying way, I think she might have been embarrassed herself). I tell her we should get going, but before I shift the car out of park, she stops my hand, and asks if she can feel my panties, I allowed her to and she played with my panties and dress and even squeezed some pee out of the fabric.

We got home and cleaned up and I also cleaned up my car a bit while she was getting ready for bed. to this day I still don't know if she peed herself on purpose to see me pee myself or not. We were open sexually but she never told me about being in to wetting.

