Peed myself this morning

Author: Mary127

*000*2023-01-11 03:42

This morning, I woke up and the first thing I felt was a sharp urge in my bladder. I squeezed my legs put my hand in ny crotch; I hadn’t even sat up yet. I immediately made a beeline for the bathroom, but to my horror my girlfriend was already in there, going about her normal routine. I banged in the door.

”HURRY UP I HAVE TO PEE!”

”Just hold it I’m going to be a while!”

“JUST LET ME PEE REALLY QUICK IM GONNA BURST!”

“No!”

The fact that she was peacefully doing her morning skincare routine whilst I was clawing at the door, desperately needing to answer the call of nature, infuriated me so much, and turned me on at the same time. We do this a lot to each other. Just the other day my girlfriend complained over the phone about how she was dying to pee while stuck in rush hour traffic. I proceeded to hog the bathroom while she was begging me to show mercy, leaking into work clothes. She made it (if you don’t count a huge wet spot on your pants as an accident, of course).

At first I was rubbing my thighs, maybe bending over slightly, but mostly hopping from one foot to the other. I’m about 15 minutes, it went from that, to full on potty dancing. You know exactly what that’s like, I don’t need to describe it. I started to feel leaks and my inner thighs were getting wet.

“PLEASE PLEASE IM GONNA PEE MYSELF!” LET ME IN!”

She opened the door. “mmmm keep doing that, I like it when you beg me!”

I immediately blushed super hard, to which she responded with “Ah you like it when I say that” then, in a much deeper and seductive voice, “don’t yiu?” I blushed even harder and it was hard to hide my smile. She obviously saw it. If my crotch wasn’t wet from pee yet, it would have been wet from her sexy voice, if you know what I mean.

I wiped the smile off my face and said in a serious voice “GET OUT OF THE WAY!!!”

She blocked my entry into the bathroom, and that was it. My bladder gave out. A powerful stream erupted from my pee hole. My face went tomato red even more from embarrassment, all while my girlfriend laughed at me. When I finished, I was trying to hold back a little grin, but I just couldn’t. The whole situation was so unbelievably hot.

She brought me to the bedroom, where we, uh, satisfied our urges and went about our day.

