Desperate with my mom

Author: Mary127

*000*2023-06-17 15:27

Years ago, I went to a baseball game with my family. One thing you have to understand is that weak bladders run in the family (for the girls, at least). With 90+ degree weather, we were all drinking a lot of water, so me, my mom, and my sisters all took multiple trips to the bathroom throughout the game. I had to go more often, but I was embarrassed about having to go to the bathroom multiple times in one inning, so I held it as best as I could until someone else piped up about their urge. It was a close game. Everyone was hyper focused on the game that they all didn’t notice they had to pee. Because of all the water and bathroom trips, I had weakened my bladder significantly over the course of a few hours. By the time the game ended, I was on the verge of having an accident.

We all took one last bathroom trip before heading home, but this one would take the longest. Anyone who’s been to any sporting event knows that everyone tries to use the bathroom all at once at the end, causing a lot of chaos. We started walking towards the ladies room when we noticed a huge line of ladies. It wasn’t until we reached the bathroom that we realized that the line we passed WAS the line for the ladies. It was HUGE! I couldn’t even see the ladies room from the back of the line! My dad and brothers didn’t have to wait longer than 10 minutes, of course, but it must have been at least half an hour for the gals. My mom looked at the line and then at me potty dancing beside her. She asked me “do you think you can hold it sweetie?” I shook my head no, on the verge of tears.

She grabbed my hand and took me to the other bathrooms in the stadium, but they all had long lines as well. My mom decided to take a gamble and take me to the mens room. It still had a long line, but no where near as long as the line for the ladies room, and it moved much faster. Still, I only had minutes before my bladder gave up. When we were next in line, I started to feel it coming out. My mom noticed and tried to comfort me. “We’re almost there, just hang on a minute longer!” But the humiliation of potty dancing in front of grown men, combined with hearing toilets flushing and men peeing, was a lot for me to handle.

A stall opened up and I bolted. My bladder gave out just as the stall door opened, so I peed a lot into my pants while running to the stall. I practically ripped my leggings and panties down and started crying from the pure joy of relaxing my muscles. It wasn’t until i was nearly done peeing that I saw that my mom was potty dancing too. She inspected the wetness on my pants and helped me clean up and wipe myself down and comforted me, all while fighting to hold on a few seconds longer herself. She finally got her chance and breathed a huge moan of relief. She inspected the damage on her pants, and it was pretty bad. Not as bad as mine, but still very noticeable and humiliating. We cleaned ourselves up and tried to hide the wetness as best as we could. She pulled some hand sanitizer out of her purse so that we didn’t have to wash our hands and could leave immediately to avoid any further embarrassment.

As weird as this might sound, this is one of the most pleasant memories I have with my mom. Not even because it’s omo related. I guess it’s because of the way she comforted me afterwards and us having to be embarrassed together that I remember this so well.

